hey everyone its Julie today we'll be
making BBQ pulled chicken sliders these
are great for parties appetizers lunch
dinner dessert they're great for any
occasion so let's get started I'm using
chicken breasts with the bone I decided
to bake these how you cook your chicken
is up to you
you may poach it grill it you may fry it
for a couple minutes and finish baking
it in the oven that's all up to you I
decided to bake my chicken I drizzled a
little bit of olive oil and I seasoned
it with a bit of salt pepper garlic
powder and chili powder these are really
thick pieces of chicken so no matter how
much you season the skin or under the
skin the inside will be a little bit
bland so we'll finish seasoning it after
it's done baking I bake these in a
preheated oven at 400 degrees for about
35 minutes after 35 minutes I took the
chicken out of the oven sliced it open
just to make sure it was cooked all the
way and I wanted to show you guys how
would you see the chicken once I let the
chicken cool a bit and then I started to
shred it with two forks you may do so
with your fingers do what's most
comfortable for you and now you don't
necessarily have to use chicken breast
you may use any part of the chicken you
like however I am a little picky when it
comes to chicken I love dark meat only
if I'm going to eat it from the bone
does that make sense if it's shredded
chicken cubed chicken a chicken sandwich
or boneless chicken wings
it must be white meat all right so I
added some extra spices to my bland
juicy chicken some salt pepper garlic
powder and chili powder gave everything
a toss and voila that bland chicken
turned into a nice flavorful chicken a
lot of people might think it's pretty
odd to season cooked chicken no it's not
as long as it's treaded it doesn't
matter
also some people might think it's silly
to season the chicken when we are going
to coat it with barbecue sauce
I don't like gland chicken tossed in
barbecue sauce I like flavorful chicken
tossed in barbecue sauce ok good now for
our homemade barbecue sauce we are going
to pour some ketchup in our sauce pan
the zest and juice of half an orange to
pressed garlic cloves some whisk to
sheer sauce apple cider vinegar brown
sugar and some
give everything a stir season with a
pinch of salt to your liking pour in a
little bit of chicken stock and we are
going to simmer this on low heat for
about 20 minutes once the barbecue sauce
has thickened nicely we are going to
place it in a saute pan so we can mix
the sauce with the shredded chicken you
may pass your barbecue sauce through a
sieve to catch the garlic chunks but
they were bothering me and we are going
to throw some coulombís anyway so these
are going to be crunchy regardless I
always like to throw in my chicken
little by little to make sure I don't
add too much chicken and then it becomes
a dried mess too much chicken not enough
sauce terrible then you have to add
water and those extra shenanigans that
you could avoid if you simply add the
chicken little by little and that goes
for pasta too always add your pasta to
the sauce
little by little I place the lid on top
and simmered the chicken for about 15
minutes on low chicken will be juicy and
tender and ready to serve I'm using some
mini potato rolls to make the sliders
placing a little bit of the chicken and
a tiny bit of coleslaw
I prefer very little coleslaw but that
of course is up to your personal taste
you may add some cheese if you like I
personally didn't like the idea of
mixing coleslaw with cheese and I did
prefer the coleslaw over the cheese very
strange but in this case I did also I
don't like to grill these many rolls
because I don't like crispy or hard
rolls so I i microwave them before
adding the chicken and coleslaw
I am not ashamed I feel that these
microwave are best because they stay so
soft so Super Bowl is right around the
corner ladies have your boyfriends or
husbands go in the kitchen with his
friends make these for you and your
girlfriends while you girls watch the
game or vice versa but whatever you do
make these share them with friends and
family I hope you guys give this recipe
a try hope you enjoyed this video and
thank you guys so much for watching